
                    i.  BASIC QUESTIONS TO GRAPH THEORY 
                     
1. What are the sum of degrees equal to ?
2. When is graph said to be regular ?
3. When is the graph said to be complete ?
4. What is the difference between indegree and outdegree ?
5. When is the graph said to be a bipartile ?
6. What are the two most significant properties of a bipartile 
   graph ?
7. When do we say the graph to be simple ?
8. What will be the difference in in creating directed and undirected graph using adjency list.

10. What is the drawback of graph matrix representation over 
using adjency list.

                  ii. GRAPH TRAVERSAL 

A. THEORY 

1. Differentiate  Depth-first search from Breadth-first search works ?
2. Mention the time complexity of Depth-first search and Breadth-first search.
3. Which datastructure is used to implement the Breadth-first search ?

B. PRACTICAL 
1. CHECK CYCLES IN A GRAPH.
2. Implement Digistral's algorithm.

C. PRACTICAL LESSONS TO CONSIDER 
1. Don't use INT_MAX when initializing the Floyd matrix.
instead use INF.

                 iii. SHORTEST-PATHS

1. When do we prefer using Bellman-Ford Algorithm over Dijstrals Algorith ?
2. When is the case where the Bellman-Ford Algorithm can't work ?
3. On which iteration do we check if Bellman-Ford Algorithm doesn't work (NEGATIVE CYCLE DETECTION) ?
4. What is the benefit using Floyd-Warshall Algorithm over using (Djistral and Bellsman ) algorithm ?
5. What is the time complexity of Floyd-Warshall algorithm ?
6. On which case  Floyd-Warshall algorithm doesn't guarantee the correct result ?
7. Do you think Bellman-Ford Algorithm can work in undirected graph ?
8. Which graph representation do we prefer using when implementing Dijistral or Bellman-Ford algorithm ?


                  iv. TREES

1. What happens if we remove one edge to a tree ?
2. What is a tree with relation to a graph ?
3. What is the leaves of a tree ?
4.Describe the parent of nodes 
5. What do we call a diameter of a tree ?
                 v. BINARY TREE

6. What is a binary tree ?
7. Differentiate Inorder , Pre-order and Post-Order tree traversal ?
8. a) If we are certain about the Pre-order and in-order of the tree we derive it ?
construct the tree given the pre-order= [1,2,4,5,6,3,7] and in-order = [4,2,6,5,1,3,7].
   b) What are going to be the use of pre-order and in-order  each when trying to construct a tree from their values ?

                 Vi. SPANNING TREES

1. Explain the steps of converting a graph into Minimum  Spanning tree ?
2. Between Kruskal's and prim's algorithm for finding the minimum spanning tree
which one would you prefer using ?
3. What is the shared time complexity of Kruskal's and prim's algorithm ?

                 vii. TOPOLOGICAL SORTING 

1. What is topological sorting ?
2. What is a crucial characteristic should a graph in order to be able to derive a corresponding topolical sorting ?

                 viii. DYNAMMIC PROGRAMMING 
1. Can you dive deeper the way of representing DP problems as graphs.
2. list out at least 4 insights that can be generated by DP algorithms on the 
   acyclic directed graph.
                  
                  ix. SUCCESSOR GRAPHS
1. What are successor (functional ) graphs ?(hint -> Thnk in terms of degrees of a node )
2. Do you accept that successor graphs are another example of linked lists ?

                  x. STRONG CONNECTIVITY
1. What is the algorithm to find the strongly connected components in a graph ?
2. Is it true that for undirected graph the number of strongly connected components is equal to the number of components in the graph ?
Explain why .
3. Describe 3 steps of kosaraju's algorithm and the reason for each.
4. Differentiate P,NP,NP-HARD,NP-COMPLETE algorithms ?

                 xi. TREE QUERIES

1. In which format to represent the nodes of tree when finding the ancestor of a particular node 
   A. Adjency list
   B. Edge list
   C. Matrix representation
   D. array

2. Describe the two versions discussed of creating sub-tree queries spareMatrix available.

               x. PATHS AND CIRCUITS

A real world scenario where Eulerian Circuit can be applied 
    I have a network (graph) of elements , i want to route from element A to element B.
    How many possible ways of reaching to element B. If i don't want retrace in a route
    which i used before ?

1. Differentiate Eulerian Path from Hamiltonian Path.
2. What do you understand by Eurlerian circuit ?
3. List the two conditions that should be statisfied to have an existence of Eurlerian Path in undirected agraph .
4. List the two conditions that should be statisfied to have an existence of Eurlerian Path in a directed agraph .
5. How do we call the algorithm that is used to construct Eurelian circuit
6. How do we call the efficient algorithm fo create Hamiltonian cicrcuit ,if there'sn't why ?

                        FLOWS AND CUTS

1. Which type of the graph is when working with the problem of max-flow and min-cuts ?
2. Describe the properties of  a source and a sink in terms of edges on a directed graph ?